before I begin let me start by saying if
you are a young woman and you meet a
sweet pretty man on tinder who seems
perfectly sane but it's 30-some years
old still living with his mama
run yourself tough growing up out of
there like a force men of the Apocalypse
are on your ex-girl the stars of our
movie today
ah IFS Norman Bates and if you learn who
Norman Bates is by watching this TV show
you just beyond hope Jamie Lee Curtis -
Tony Curtis and ten minutes is the
maximum amount of time your daughter
should appear and your major motion
picture Francis Ford Coppola play our
story begins with what is now considered
to be a rare subset of the human race
sexy people they are so rare today we
may only see them in vintage footage
such as this as we observe them we may
notice they are boning in their natural
habitat a cheap motel
what for real though this is a woman
named Mary and meeting with her broke
divorced lover in a hotel room in
Arizona where we find out that he's
still paying alimony to his ex-wife on
the other side of the planet back in the
day when you couldn't just hit it and
quit it if you hit it and quit it you
had to pay for it your whole damn life
and they talk about a bunch of nasty
stuff like wanting to get jiggy with it
whenever they won't and how he wants her
to lick the stamps when he sends the
alimony checks thing got PayPal yet -
his ex-wife licked the stamps oh and the
nastiest thing of all boiling a steak
after she wastes her lunch break
munching on her lover's meat she goes
back to work where hey I see you
creeping Alfred anyways she gets back to
work where a man comes in with her boss
who was buying a house for his daughter
and he's like it's harder fresh milk out
there see this was back when people knew
milk came from teat of a mammal instead
of believing it magically materialized
in the Walmart cooler and he looks at
Marian and is like old boy I sure AM
creepy and invasive
I'm buying this house with my daughter
cuz I'm a good day want me to be your
daddy and he flings around $40,000 in
cash like you wanna touch it I think the
money is symbolic of his old flaccid
penis forty thousand dollars in nineteen
sixty would be like three hundred
thousand dollars today which is more
money than y'all are ever gonna make
online playing Minecraft okay and she
just smiles and tries not to bother
until the old part goes into our bosses
office and her boss tells her to take
the money straight to the bank so
Alfred's daughter says he was flirting
with you I guess he must have noticed my
wedding ring now I think you must have
noticed gervase lets Hitchcock's subtle
way of saying the blonde is hot and my
doubt is fugly and Marian is like what
the hell am i doing I'm about to take
$40,000 to the bank where my lover won't
marry me because he's in debt not to
mention I'm living in the 1960s this is
one of the only time periods when you
can actually get away with stealing
$40,000 in cash damn if so it's great to
live in the 1960s so she's on her way
out of town when we make our first stop
on the stressful as hell Express and her
boss sees are out and about but he
thought she went home with a headache
floret girl until you're just so tired
that you have to pull over and sleep on
the side of the road no this ain't the
way a bit want to be woke up when she
just stow that dough and this cop is
like hello milf
I'm officer in your face and I'm gonna
sit here and ask you a bunch of
questions for the next five minutes so
the audience can forget that you're the
bad guy
damn knows it Popo trying to do a job
after she loses the cops he's like well
I ain't doing that again time to trade
cars and then the damn cop shows up
again and starts watching up so she gets
another car and gets out of there and
the quickness and she translating to the
knight again until it's us pouring down
rain and she has to pull over onto a
side road and into something very
familiar to her another cheap motel it's
called the Bates Motel and she meets
this adorable son named Norman look at
him cute ain't it
while he's choosing her room number he's
like to be
oh not to peak pink and adorable nomen
office to take it to the house for a
little nibble while she's getting
settled into the room next to the office
she wraps the money up in a newspaper Oh
forgive my in consideration you see a
newspaper was a paper with news full of
wordy words that you could read so your
peanut brains could learn a learn back
when information was longer than a
hundred and forty characters but she
overhears Norman's mother screaming in
the house and Newman's mother is like
I'll not have no tramps getting into my
son's undies while I'm around yesterday
bed boy and no one's like shut up your
bit you know the police so he brings
dinner down to Marion and they start
talking about their lives and no one's
like I hate my mom oh she's Loco and
Marion's like puttin on that house but
no one's like why would you say that did
I say she's crazy and Mary is like yeah
but no man is like I can't do that to
her
a boy's best friend is his mama and he's
right ain't I right mama
so Marion is like you know talking to
you has made me feel like my life is
normal so I'm gonna head back home
tomorrow and try to patch things up
right so she goes back to a room and
Anthony peakins start speaking on
Anthony perky titties and Norman seems
fed up about living under the
surveillance of the police and he comes
out and looks at the house like I'm
coming bit but then he's like no better
not
I forgot my mama who gonna patch the
holes in my tighty-whities
and suppose I kill her I never big hole
in my drawers and like most of you
children today Marion cannot do simple
subtraction in her head so she subtracts
how much money she spent from the
$40,000 trying to get away but she rips
it up and then Alfred Hitchcock shows us
something never seen in a movie until
blood and girl not Anthony peakins being
a creeper but a flushing commode
this movie is disgusting and gross so
Marion takes a shower and Norman's
mother sneaks in on her and she stabbed
her to death and don't expect a [ __ ]
joke here because stab is ain't funny
sickos and no one sees blood on his mama
and he's like damn it mama again and
like any good son Norman does his child
don't be shocked but gypsies another
lesson to be learned here children he
goes like this if your mama is crave and
know like your BAE
then get your BAE the [ __ ] away okay so
no man oh my god no not the money but
this bit don't listen to song and he
puts Marian's body and the money in the
trunk of Marion's car and it is at this
moment that you realize Alfred Hitchcock
has exposed the worst side of you
because you're no longer hope and Marion
gets away with the $40,000 which was
tough to begin with but now you're
legitimately hoping that this adorable
accomplice to murder is able to sink
this and car in a swamp and you most
upset about the money okay
I'm most upset about the money today's
equivalent of $300,000 swimming with the
damn toads you're sick Alfred the next
day Marion's sister goes to see Marion's
steak boil and stamp lick and boyfriend
to see where Marion is and then this guy
comes in and he's like hi I'm detective
in your face no relation to officer in
your face and they all like so here's
what we know about Marion's whereabouts
nothing and the detective leaves and
it's like well I'm glad we had this
little chat I'll get back to you when I
know something so detective in your face
searches the area until he finds Norman
who sucks at playing it cool and he's
like no she wasn't here oh yes it was so
in your face get out my face and the
detective sees Norman's mother in the
window but Norman says she isn't able to
come down and talk she's confined to the
house until she wants to kill a bit so
the detective drives to a phone there's
unlocked by a quarter instead of you
fingerprint Oh
or selfie or a drop of your blood that
contains your DNA and it calls Marian
sisters like yo I found something and he
goes back and sneaks into that creepy
old house to snoop around up and now and
mrs. Bates is like oh you trying to get
into my fund undies - so after days of
not hearing from detective in your face
Marian's sister and Stig boiler go to
find out what's going on and one of the
Stig boiler searches the cabins and
scraps with Norman Marian's sister looks
around the house meanwhile no one who
looks like he could be scared into a
heart attack my mouse fart overpowers
and knocks out the big buff boyfriend so
as it turns out mrs. Bates didn't care
about Norman Sundays at all because she
is in dead deceased finito mummified
King Tut frontin at that moment Norman
pops out with his mama's way long
apparently years ago his mama got a
boyfriend Norman got jealous poison
their food and took on his mom's
personality while preserving her corpse
so every time we saw Norman's mama
killing somebody or walking around up
and now it was really Norman in granite
drag all this time he was really looking
out for his own undies while wearing his
mama's I know your peanut brains are
confused let me give it to y'all in a
way you will understand so this is a
story all about how a crazy guy named
Norman poisoned his mama's child so he
preserved his mom's corpse and put on
the clothes to wear and murder girls of
people supporting his mama's hair the
end hey chips question of the day if
Naaman had a butler what would his
Butler call him masturbates
be sure to like share subscribe for your
regular fix of meth you can expect me to
upload videos every time I damn well
please
for movies explain fall I'm Jeb heard ah
now get the hell up out of my face
buy her back again lonely heyday right
mama